# Multiplayer Maze Game Application using Java

## Abstract 
This project intended to use theoretical knowledge of Distributed Software Development into an application demonstrates how distribution can be done on a multiplayer game in Java application. The game consists on two clients and one server. All the communication between clients and server is accomplished through socket. All clients have AWT (Abstract Window Toolkit) in order to draw the maze. Once one client connects to server, server sends wait signal until second player establishes the connection.  When all clients are connected, server sends start signal to both clients and maze is being initialized on player’s screen by reading the map information from a file and convert them into the graphics. The maze has coins on all over the map and they collect the coins passing through them. There is a scoreboard at the bottom of the screen shows how many coins they collected in the maze so far. The goal of the game is, collecting more coin than your opponent before they intersect. There are some random dead-ends and shortcuts in the maze in order to increase fun level of the game. Every time a player moves, client sends the coordinate information and how many coin they have and server sends back to that information to other client and other client draws the opponent’s position on their map. Also wall/coin control is being done on client to increase the performance of the app. This process allows users to have real-time game experience. The server is handling Player collusions. Once server detects player collusions, it checks which player has more coins and send the information to the client regarding to that. Finally, server sends end signal to the clients and clients renders the result screen.

